Welcome to the GRiNS Editor and Player for SMIL Release 1.0 for
Unix.  The GRiNS Editor for SMIL lets you create, edit and preview
SMIL presentations; the GRiNS Player for SMIL lets you preview SMIL
presentations.  The GRiNS Editor and Player for SMIL are products of
ORATRiX Development BV.  For more information on GRiNS and SMIL and
about the company, see our Web site http://www.oratrix.com/.

In order to be able to run the GRiNS Editor for SMIL you need a
license key.  See the web site for information on how to obtain a key.
You do not need a license key to use the GRiNS Player for SMIL.

The document QuickStart.pdf contains information on how to use the
editor.  You need Adobe Acrobat Reader (http://www.adobe.com/) to read 
the Quick Start Guide.  There are also tutorials on the ORATRiX web
site.

At the time of writing there is no Real Networks RealPlayer G2
available for Unix, and so there is no RealPlayer G2 support in the
GRiNS Editor and Player for SMIL.  Check the ORATRiX web site for
updates.

On an SGI there are two ways of installing the GRiNS Editor and Player 
for SMIL.  If installed using inst (to check, use the command
"versions | grep grins") the GRiNS Editor and Player for SMIL can be
removed using the command "versions remove grins" or "versions remove
grinsed".  Otherwise (if not installed using inst, and on a Sun), you
can simply remove the files.

The folder Examples contains some example SMIL documents that you can
view (and edit) using the GRiNS Editor and Player.

See the Release Notes (relnotes.html or
http://www.oratrix.com/GRiNS/Support/Relnotes/unix-1.0/) for more
information.

For more information see:
    http://www.oratrix.com/
or send e-mail to
    grins-support@oratrix.com (technical support)
    info@oratrix.com (non-technical questions)
