Meeting minutes for January 31, 2001.
-------------------------------------

The general result of the meeting is that we will have another meeting
on Friday. This meeting lasted 4.5 hours, most of which was
introducing new ideas. The ideas will be discussed on fridays
meeting. 

Please also refer to the document editor.doc in this directory, which
the meeting was to a degree centered around.

These are also only a rough guideline of the meeting progress. The
meeting discussed many points inconclusively, and I admit I almost
fell asleep during it (I love non-formal documentation! :-) ).

There was no agenda.
There was no chairman.

1. GRiNS SNaP!. 
   It has been decided to discontinue work on the SNaP! editor.
2. Product focus
   GRiNS editor 2.0 would be aimed at the higher-end multimedia design
   market. It is an assembly tool that can be used by multimedia
   professionals to generate and use SMIL 2.0 presentation.
   It has been agreed that HTML+TIME export is now a primary focus
   and a large selling point of GRiNS.
   We assume that customers already have legacy content that they want
   to reuse, and that included asset creation in GRiNS is not a useful
   idea.
3. Product packaging.
   + GRiNS Editor.
   + GRiNS HTML+TIME export essentual.
   What should we do with the player? We agree that the high-priced
   player is currently aimed at time-sensitive SMIL market entry
   and aims to capitalise on this rather than mass market. By the 
   time that the editor becomes available, there will no longer be 
   need for a first-class player.
   We also plan to coordinate the release of the editor with the
   SMIL 2.0 language release.
4. Compadibility for different file formats.
   Should the editor be modal (the mode of operation depends if we are
   editing SMIL, HTML+TIME or other file formats) or non-modal (import
   / export capabilities). The problem lies with different capabilites
   between each file format. 
5. Targetting.
   - Ease of use. Hand-waving. 
   - Quote of the day: "Easy things should be easy to do" - the basic 
     operations such as making a slideshow should be easy to perform. 
     Unanimously agreed. 
   - Reduce number of mouse clicks needed to make a presentation.
6. Workflow. 
   - People typically have two modes of operation: 
     * Updating existing presentations.	
     * Creating new presentatinos.
     It was noted that the workflow in the given document (editor.doc)
     were not realistic; agreed. Workflows are diverse.
7. Services for multimedia authors. 
   - Dick pushed the idea that we should provide some basic assets for
     people to use (images, buttons etc). Jack disagreed. Dick and 
     Jack persued subject while I caught up on sleep. 
   - Not discussed in meeting, but I envisioned having a template
     library that could be used not only for creating new
     presentations but also within a presentation, e.g. by inserting
     a menu screen at some point within the presentation.
8. The structure view.
   - Dick proposed the idea of using the Structure View much more
     agressively in the next editor; agreed. 
     Jack mentioned that it was ugly and looked like a prototype. 
     Agreed. Conversation got boring and I started playing with 
     bits of paper.
   - Expressing time in the structure view, expressing sync-arcs, 
     anchors and links in the structure view all discussed briefly.
     These issues will most likely be discussed more on friday.
9. The timeline view. 
   - Discussed that editing time in the timeline view is a very good
     thing. The timeline view could be used for tweaking exact timing
     in the presentation - begin delays and so forth.
10. The editable source view. 
    - Discussed that the initial audience using our editor would
      already be fairly competant with SMiL. More time could
      be spent enhancing the editor.
11. The structure view (again).
    - Jack pushes the idea of making nodes smaller and use less
      pixels.
12. Undo.
    - Agreed that Undo's are an important feature.
13. Multiple editable selections.
    - I put forward this idea. Conversation
      drifted eloquently between the advantages of multiple 
      selection; how much Jack misses multiple selection and 
      how Dick concurred that multiple selection is just a 
      poor mans substitute for structure. Dick did mention a
      good idea - "paste nodes as sequence" or "paste nodes as
      par". Hmm. Cool. Also thought about moving multiple selections
      and changing attributes for multiple selections (difficult).
14. The layout view
    - Decided that dropping nodes on the layout view is not yet 
      feasable, namely because the archictecture of GRiNS was not 
      made with this in mind. What do we do with a dropped node?
      Insert it at the end of the presentation??!!
    - Better integration is needed with the rest of the editor.
      (Note that this has mostly already been done.)
15. The temporal view.
    - Undecided? Perhaps it is better to discard this view for the
      next release of the editor and put more effort into other views.

Meeting concluded with the conclusion that we should have a design
meeting on Friday.
	
	

	
	
     	

