GRiNS 0.5 for Macintosh

This is the readme file for the GRiNS editor and player for the
Macintosh, Release 0.5, patchlevel 6. More information on GRiNS can be
obtained at http://www.oratrix.com/GRiNS, or by email to
grins-request@oratrix.com. Release notes for this version can be found in
the file relnotes.html in the program folder. More documentation can be found
on the homepage.

Prerequisites

For decent performance you probably need at least a 100Mhz PowerPC with
32Mb, but even on a 68020 mac with 16Mb of virtual memory things will work
(albeit slowly). You need about 15Mb of free diskspace. You need MacOS 7.5
(but 7.1 may work) and QuickTime 2.5 (QuickTime 3 or higher if you want MPEG
video playback).

Feedback

Bug reports and other technical feedback should be sent to
grins-support@oratrix.com, please check the feedback section on the homepage
for details.

Non-technical feedback should be sent to info@oratrix.com.

Example documents

A number of example documents can be found in the Examples folder. More
examples will be added to the GRiNS home page over time.

License keys

To start the editor you need a license key. You may have been provided with
a temporary license key in the same message in which you received the
password for the download area. If not you can send an empty mail message to
evalutation-license@oratrix.com and we will send you a time-limited key, or
we will mail you details on how to proceed.

Mac user interface open issues

Depending on the settings in the MacOS General Preferences control panel the
New command will sometimes not display the contents of the Templates folder
but of some other random folder. Navigating to the Templates folder by hand
should fix this.

Popup menus near the bottom of the screen tend to come up mostly empty. They
do scroll, however, so all menu entries are selectable, it is merely not
very pretty.

Editing in the layout view is very clunky. This will be fixed shortly. For
this version, three points are important to remember: (1) resizing is done
through the control-click popup menu in the player window; (2) The popup
menu commands operate on the channel (region) under the mouse, not on the
channel that is highlighted; (3) in case of overlapping channels it may be
impossible to select the one you want to resize (the workaround is to
temporarily move the other channel out of the way).

Occasionally a spurious popup menu is displayed when scrolling. Ignore this
menu and there should be no ill effects.

Resizing the structure or timeline view will reset the horizontal and
vertical detail settings to fit the window.

Attempting to play a non-existent audio item will not always give an error
message.

The HTML renderer in GRiNS for the Macintosh is very limited.
