Ambulant/G Player Readme
=======================

The Ambulant/G Player is a SMIL 2.0 player for the Windows platform.

It is the first release in a series of Ambulant open players.  These
players will provide open-source support for the SMIL 2.0 Lanugage
(including mobile profiles).

This version of Ambulant is a technology demonstrator. You can play
files in the SMIL 2.0 language profile, and also files in the 3GPP
mobile profiles: MMS, PSS-4 and PSS-5.

The purpose of this release is to promote the Ambulant project and to
help potential partners understand the nature of a complete open SMIL
player.

System Requirements
-------------------

This release of Ambulant/G is supported under Windows-98SE,
Windows-2000 and Windows-XP. This version of Ambulant/G will work
under Windows 95 or Windows NT 4, but since these operating systems do
not support multiple audio channels or other multimedia extensions,
you may experience problems.

This version integrated enhanced support for Windows-XP, although not
all Windows-XP issues may be addressed in this release.

General Information
-------------------
Please see the Ambulant Player website, http://www.ambulantPlayer.org
for more information on the Ambulant/G Player for SMIL 2.0 development
effort.

This player will NOT playback RealMedia items in your SMIL document
(even if a version of the RealOne player is installed on your system).

This player will NOT playback QuickTime media items in your SMIL
document (even if a version of the QuickTime player is installed on
your system).

The purpose of the Ambulant/G release is to provide introductory
support for Ambulant's SMIL engine. Parts of this release are based on
the Oratrix GRiNS Player. This release of Ambulant is for functional
demonstration purposes only -- future releases will likey be based on
a new implementation of parts or all of the player core.

For more information or to send a problem report, see:
    http://www.ambulantPlayer.org/
or send e-mail to
    info@ambulantPlayer.org (non-technical questions)
