GRiNS Player 2.0b1 Readme
=========================

GRiNS Player 2.0b1 is a SMiL 2.0 player for the Unix, Macintosh and
Windows platforms.

Disclaimer
----------

This product is beta software - some features of the SMiL standard are
not implemented and some bugs may remain in the software. Please see
the release notes file for more information about implemented features
and known problems with the player.

Oratrix would also appreciate your help in improving this software and
fixing problems. If you should find any bugs or problems, please use
the file "BugReportForm.txt" to fill out and mail a bug report to us.


System Requirements
-------------------

GRiNS requires at least Windows 98 or Windows 2000. GRiNS will work on
Windows 95 and Windows NT, but these operating systems do not support
multiple audio channels so you may experience problems.


General Information
-------------------

xxx Realplayer 8.0?? Fix this section.

Please see the Oratrix website, http://www.oratrix.com for more
information on the GRiNS editor and player. 

While GRiNS for SMIL is not targeted specifically at RealNetworks G2
player (GRiNS for G2 has extra features to author and convert
G2-specific media types) the preview player in GRiNS for SMIL does
support playback of G2-media.

In order to enable this feature you need RealPlayer G2 or later,
either in the Basic or Plus version. See the RealNetworks website
www.real.com for details.  RealPlayer 7 is preferred on your editing
machine, as RealPlayer G2 has some problems with playing captions in
the preview play.

In order to be able to run GRiNS you need a license key. You have been
provided with such a key when you bought your copy of GRiNS or
downloaded your evaluation version. You have to enter this key when
you first start GRiNS.


For more information see:
    http://www.oratrix.com/
or send e-mail to
    grins-support@oratrix.com (technical support)
    info@oratrix.com (non-technical questions)
